dang we don't have any class hey we
don't have any class change some of my
classes so I'm not get it why me too
yeah I got it first and a second
semester I had a last night oh I really
like I really liked it you'll be better
off come here and I like the way lip
thing i like the what they have it is at
risk yeah I gotta go man I gotta go
we're gonna get my ball back I gotta go
noble Huh What Huh cue ball I'll let you
borrow that huh yeah I did can we at
least play before i go i got like five
minutes that's fine i'll see you later
can you play me a song no i wasn't here
i just got here
can you can you find me one right now ok
I just wanted to hear
maybe sometime else next week huh oh not
for just me you won't just play for me
what's have to do this thing we're doing
what we doing yeah we're gonna I'm
walking thing where we escorting too ok
so just pound it and I'll leave like the
way you fist me
you